Shawn Phalen: Hey,
Bonnie Burset: Sorry. Give me one second to change my background. Can you hear me ok I
Bonnie Burset: Came from doing, doing, you know, the kids. They love to show you at least my little ones love to show me the things I can do they think it's entertaining to do the virtual background.
Bonnie Burset: So I forgot I still had it on
Bonnie Burset: Kids are so funny. Let me do you mind if I just turn another light on in here because it's always good to darken
Bonnie Burset: Computer into but I lose you.
Bonnie Burset: There we go. Okay.
Bonnie Burset: Yeah. So yeah, I took that from our last conversation. It was really helpful for me and just kind of, I think, after we got off.
Bonnie Burset: The video. You know, I kind of realized why I was kind of in such a like feeling more fragile than usual and who can you
Bonnie Burset: I realized like, it's just so hard. Gosh, stupid. Sorry, I get like I plugged in my phone to charge it and then I get like hijacked with like, do you want to import videos. I'm like, no, um,
Bonnie Burset: Yeah, no, I mean, I've really been thinking about, like, I feel like for me, this whole process has been like
Bonnie Burset: You know, I sometimes take for granted. Like, this is all against the backdrop of a crazy pandemic, you know, where it's like it's like I just, I think one thing that's been really challenging for me and it ties into what we were talking about the unknown is that
Bonnie Burset: You know, there's just been one thing after another, since I've been home of just regular life stuff just regular like first
Bonnie Burset: My husband had to go to hospital. And it turned out he had shingles. Then I had stuff with my ovaries that turned out to be just this, but it's still just stuff that stressful. Right.
Bonnie Burset: And then like I kept thinking with my hours I would hear new information and think, Oh, totally. Everything's fine on, you have to stress it all. Then I realized like, Well, wait maybe I'm totally screwed. It's just like
Bonnie Burset: When I was realizing, and what I really took from our conversation. A lot of things, but one of the things was just remembering that there will be a way
Bonnie Burset: That there is a path and you just have to believe that, you know, I have to totally give up that I know what that path looks like.
Bonnie Burset: I think it's so what. And that's true about everything. During this pandemic, like it's just I don't know what anything looks like I have no clue.
Bonnie Burset: And that's kind of, you know, the reality. And I think you know what occurred to me as I think and
Bonnie Burset: You know, I think what happens. And maybe this is true for a lot of people I don't know but like that feeling of having the rug pulled out from under you.
Bonnie Burset: Is like I realized I go through like a mini Stages of Grief around it were first. I kind of go through shock and disbelief, or like know some fair, you know, just feeling
Bonnie Burset: Kind of the unfairness the frustration and that's kind of where I was when we were talking and then afterward.
Bonnie Burset: You know, just kind of moving into like acceptance around kind of where things are. And I've really
Bonnie Burset: Been enjoying I'm still trying to get myself in the daily meditation. I've done more. I've done a few days, a few days more which has been helpful and
Bonnie Burset: Also the listening to. I've been really into like loving kindness meditation, like a mindfulness practice, you know, like just there's some authors. I'm listening to on my audio books and
Bonnie Burset: Just the concept of kind of just total acceptance like just radical acceptance of just like okay this is here. This is what's here.
Bonnie Burset: And just leaning into it and it's it's really hard even, even though I know that's the work right isn't there. That's what I'm encouraging people to do is not
Bonnie Burset: Distract or avoid or, you know, use other defenses against you know what's real, but
Bonnie Burset: It's still hard to do. You know, sometimes I tend to get stuck in, you know,
Bonnie Burset: The frustration and feeling unfair and that moment. And if it passes and it passed and it's kind of like, well,
Bonnie Burset: That's what it is. And it really was kind of comforting like it made me think of it differently, like the BBS isn't I mean so much of it is about
Bonnie Burset: You know the difference. Hope versus hopelessness, you know, and that's always something that comes up with clients you know even makes me think about
Bonnie Burset: I remember it was really interesting. One supervisor, I had this totally kind of side tracking, but
Bonnie Burset: Do you want to was kind of asking me, we were talking about a client with ideation and she was saying, well, what, what do you think makes people commit suicide. And I was like, I know at the time, I was like,
Bonnie Burset: I don't know, just inability to deal with their pain. And she was like, No, it's hopelessness and helplessness and those things together is what is different about you know
Bonnie Burset: ideation, rather than just having sad feelings and and so I really think about that in different ways, both in terms of when I deal with clients where that's an issue.
Bonnie Burset: But also just you know the importance of
Bonnie Burset: How like reminding myself how I'm looking at the world is that the BBS is against me and they're gonna like they're actively trying to stop me from getting my license. I don't think so.
Bonnie Burset: You know, I think realistically, even if they don't make accommodations, there will be some I really took it to heart where you're saying there will be a way there will be some path. They may be inconvenient. It may be frustrating.
Bonnie Burset: Yes, I may have to do, like, apparently. Many of us many people have done more hours than should have been needed
Bonnie Burset: But that's it's, you know, that's just all there. It's not that there won't. I think my bigger fear was, you know,
Bonnie Burset: That there won't be a way I've worked as hard and it's just going to all be I'll just be rejected and I won't have a license at the end of the day, and that probably won't happen no matter. Yeah.
Bonnie Burset: How we go about it. Yeah. So yeah, I feel like there's just a lot of leaning in with things these days. And it's hard because some weeks I noticed you know
Bonnie Burset: How on my mood is is really, you know, it's hard to sometimes separate that out with clients you know when I'm like
Bonnie Burset: God, you know, like I have two clients tonight. You know, it's kind of my heavier. Luckily, most of my clients are spread out, but the kids are so bored. There's zoomed out there like
Bonnie Burset: You know, and I feel them. Like, I feel that we are, you know, on some level, like I'm never totally bored because there's always something interesting. I find in the work or a new way of
Bonnie Burset: Thinking about something or something in supervision that kind of sparks. My, my, that part of my mind and but you know it is it is just like
Bonnie Burset: You know, I just keep trying to lean into things, and like
Bonnie Burset: Yeah work. I, I was just, I just found out that like there are health insurance quotes are going to be like
Bonnie Burset: 50% higher
Bonnie Burset: For the entire company because of my son because yeah because he has a chronic can well it's a few things I think cost will be higher for everybody across the board.
Bonnie Burset: But it's some of it is about usage and because he's in the full time ABA therapy which is covered, mostly by insurance and it's like 50 to 100,000, I'm sure.
Bonnie Burset: In terms of therapy. So I mean, luckily the company I work for we've worked together for over like a small family. We've been working together for I've been with them 14 years they've been working like 20 some years so
Bonnie Burset: They're all they we all are very open, they know about my situation and and they were very supportive and very understanding of, like, no, we want to we may try to re evaluate insurance to try to do
Bonnie Burset: Something better for the company, but not not by any means to set, you know, like, you know, they were very supportive about all of it that it could be
Bonnie Burset: An issue affecting any of us, but it just is like it's just frustrating. It's the whole the whole system that's just frustrating where it's like
Bonnie Burset: Okay, well, like they want to charge us just to give you an idea as a small company were three people first of all three families. We all have well they have three kids, they're older and their kids are older.
Bonnie Burset: And I have to and worthy only families on the plan. They want to charge us the renewal rate, it will be 130 5000 a year.
Bonnie Burset: For the three of us.
Bonnie Burset: It's insane. Like, that's a whole like that's a whole like CEO level employee almost or like a whole, like, you know, it's crazy. Like it's it's a mind blowing, you know, and it's like
Bonnie Burset: You know, I don't know, it's just, I mean, I felt very grateful. It was kind of it yet another shock because I thought we were just talking about general renewal. I didn't realize that it was a special call because they were trying to prepare us for this.
Bonnie Burset: Likelihood that it's going to be raised significantly and I was kind of floored. You know, and, um, I guess they rate chronic conditions differently, you know, then they do like acute situations.
Bonnie Burset: But a new we were all saying it's kind of crazy. Like, what's the point of insurance if you're not supposed to use it like
Bonnie Burset: Like it, you know. Yeah, it is cheaper. I guess for the employee paying out of pocket, but in a small firm like ours, if they just pay me that money out right and like didn't pay my premiums, you know,
Bonnie Burset: Not really. I mean, it's still works out to my benefit, but I don't know. It just was crazy. So it's just like more leaning in to the challenges that just ongoing challenges and
Bonnie Burset: It just occurred to me like everything. It just reminded me and working with clients to always be keeping in mind. Any, anything that's going on right now, including like all the protests, we see
Bonnie Burset: You know, is against this backdrop of this this already stressful situation. It's like stress upon stress and just remembering that because like I almost kind of forgot
Bonnie Burset: And then after our conversation. I'm like, why this is so on wild about these hours. I mean, I know it's been really stressful for how many years now six years, will I will not, will I not get them but
Bonnie Burset: Then I'm remembering it. Well, there's this whole other background of stress. That's kind of like constant, you know, just about this weird situation and, you know, luckily, I am feeling a little better about that. Like I'm feeling more like you know we just, you know, we had my son's
Bonnie Burset: Like therapists come in today. His instructor for four hours, and we did the best we could. And I'm getting better. I'm getting to a place where I'm like, not feeling like every
Bonnie Burset: Like, second is life or death. You know where it's like
Bonnie Burset: Okay well we're going to do the best we can. Here I'm going to what we're wearing masks. She's wearing masks. We're keeping distance as much as we can. And the housekeeping lots of ventilation.
Bonnie Burset: We're not using the bathroom. She's using you know like writing things down. And that's all we can do. I mean, it's not worth sabotaging my son's therapy for what, how many years like year
Bonnie Burset: Who knows, so I feel kind of better about that, that like, you know,
Bonnie Burset: Do I feel like I would want to be sitting with clients right now. Probably not. I'm not there, but it's hard to know. It's just so
Bonnie Burset: Weird this whole thing and I see it affecting you know my clients the adult clients are are
Bonnie Burset: Are okay you know doing things by phone or by video. I think they kind of in some ways prefer it.
Bonnie Burset: But the kids are just like you know one of them, email me and say, Can we take a walk and you wear a mask and we see you walk six feet apart.
Bonnie Burset: The kid who is having trouble attending because like I realized for him like
Bonnie Burset: He's frustrated. He therapy does actually mean a lot to him, I think, and he just is fighting himself when we're online to use it. He's been doing better with it, but I think
Bonnie Burset: You know, I think it's a struggle for the kids are totally burnt out of video. Like, I get it, you know, and because their whole life right now is on video and
Bonnie Burset: I'm
Bonnie Burset: You know, I forget that it's been helpful to remember. You know, I've been bringing up with them, you know, this is your time to be a kid and you're
Bonnie Burset: You know, like I forget how meaningful those moments of graduation even like one client was telling me about like
Bonnie Burset: You know how her little sister is going to start sixth grade in the fall, but if they're not there. She's not going to have the experience of like going to different classes because maybe they'll be all in one room and in smaller groups and
Bonnie Burset: Everything's going to be different. And, you know, feeling like this is her eighth grade year, and you know she's not even going to really be able to have the eighth grade experience, you know, and it's you know it's it's really interesting.
Bonnie Burset: And
Bonnie Burset: Yeah, it's, uh,
Bonnie Burset: Yeah, so, remembering all of that and I think
Bonnie Burset: Just definitely the mindfulness piece or like the meditation piece that I really want to in green. I'm trying to look at
Bonnie Burset: Other things that kind of make me grounded, like maybe, you know, I like reading before I go to bed and just things that are more quiet, of course, I love to watch TV.
Bonnie Burset: But I never get that time with the kids. By the time the kids go to bed. So it's sometimes it's hard sometimes it's like
Bonnie Burset: You know, right now, especially myself care like I've been on the go, since this morning. I haven't even really spend time with my kids today. And I've been home the whole day. But it's just with work and everything else and
Bonnie Burset: You know, it's, it's
Bonnie Burset: It's
Bonnie Burset: Such a mixed bag. I think so much of it. And also what I'm trying to work with, with clients is, you know, kind of that.
Bonnie Burset: You know, I'm thinking of DB T, but it's just the piece around the both and you know there's there's really great things about this experience. And there's really crappy things about being this experience like I love being with my kids and having this time with them. And it's really hard.
Bonnie Burset: It's all day and managing everything else and having this time with them, you know, I mean, everybody. I think it's, it helps me to remember like
Bonnie Burset: It's not surprising when people drop down a few levels in their coping for em, whatever that looks like for clients you know I've definitely seen that with some of my older clients who, you know,
Bonnie Burset: Are now going in and out of having a pretty hard time, you know, we're kind of just
Bonnie Burset: devolving in some ways or kind of, you know, like one of my clients is, you know, it has an included mushrooms and his, his therapeutic practice and I'm
Bonnie Burset: You know, it's like, you know, you just and there's only so much you get, you know, like people. I don't want to say they're going off the rails, because I think they're there was that period. And I feel like now people are kind of getting used to it, but it's still people are not
Bonnie Burset: You know, it's not it's not back to normal. For sure. And people are
Bonnie Burset: Wearing where they are, um,
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, it's not back to normal. And it's probably not going to be back to normal for a while.
Bonnie Burset: Yeah, and I think that we have probably a good six to eight or six months to a year being really wonky. Yeah, and
Shawn Phalen: I mean, I don't know, I could be wrong, but I think that
Shawn Phalen: For me mentally I've kind of prepared myself.
Bonnie Burset: Yeah, I think it how
Bonnie Burset: It's like, Mm hmm.
Shawn Phalen: I think that, you know, when this whole thing started with this, with this virus. I think that I was in denial because I I said me to remember thinking to myself when like
Shawn Phalen: California, close it was closing down and then you know New York and
Shawn Phalen: I was like, well, we're not gonna do that. Are we, you know,
When I
Shawn Phalen: Will Arizona's for it. We're just not can do that, you know, that's just our we're going to do what we did.
Bonnie Burset: So I was definitely in a space of
Shawn Phalen: Nobody is on the road like I'm
Shawn Phalen: People are really taking this seriously like I was driving into work and I was listening to the radio and they were talking about how over staying home. Well, I was, you know, going in and I'm like, well, there's no traffic.
Bonnie Burset: So are we really doing this.
Shawn Phalen: And so once I got past that and then you know working from home and creating this completely new routine.
Bonnie Burset: Yeah, totally.
Shawn Phalen: And I'm lucky because I've worked from home before and I really like it. I
Actually
Bonnie Burset: I don't like going into an office.
Bonnie Burset: Yeah, I don't like having to commute. I just don't like that. So yeah, the transition was, I think, a lot easier than it was for other people because
Shawn Phalen: I you know I do my night clients like you know it's like I know
Bonnie Burset: It's great.
Shawn Phalen: Like my days were really structured
Shawn Phalen: For this stuff even happened. And so for me, like, nothing, nothing really changed except I don't get to see my co workers face to face. And so my like everything else is just kind of
falling into place. If you love
Bonnie Burset: Oh,
Shawn Phalen: I just mentally prepared myself for okay like this is going to be. We're in for the long haul. And I don't have any control over this, but I am what I've said to you what i do have control over is how I protect myself.
Bonnie Burset: Like distance where I choose to go how I choose to do self care, you know, all that stuff. And so for me this whole experience has been really simplifying my life. Mm hmm.
Shawn Phalen: I'm cool with that because I'm kind of in a place where that's really appealing for me.
Bonnie Burset: Mm hmm. That's not the case for everybody, you know,
Bonnie Burset: And you know your situation is obviously very different than mine and your semester are different and you've got a lot going on under your roof, you know,
Bonnie Burset: And so
If you can, you're right. If you lean and
Shawn Phalen: And you know that there's there's more than one way to address a problem or
Shawn Phalen: There's not just one way. That's gonna work.
Bonnie Burset: Mm hmm. Mm hmm.
Shawn Phalen: So like if you remain open to the possibilities.
Mm hmm.
And you have faith.
Shawn Phalen: And you just know that
Bonnie Burset: It's gonna work out. Mm hmm. It's gonna work out. Yeah. Yeah, definitely.
Shawn Phalen: So you getting your hours it's going to work out.
Shawn Phalen: Mm hmm. Having somebody come in to
Bonnie Burset: You know, do the therapy with your son is gonna work out. Yeah, yeah.
Bonnie Burset: And actually, you know, I'm surprised that
Bonnie Burset: I actually, it's kind of like, you know, sometimes when I think of anxiety and avoidance, you know, it actually was better to have that experience because now it's not so scary like
Bonnie Burset: I felt like, you know, but yet, some things are scary. It's interesting because like over the weekend, my son, my, my son loves to be outside with his dad. He loves being outside
Bonnie Burset: And we have a neighbor who their grandparents and but they take care of their I forget their situation but there. They take care of their grandkids were about the same age as our kids.
Bonnie Burset: I don't know, every once, twice a month, something like that, once a month and I came outside and I saw the little boy playing with my son.
Bonnie Burset: And I was kind of freaked out because I think they're from San Diego, or I don't know they don't live here. I don't know where they live. And I just, you know,
Bonnie Burset: Then it was such a mixed feeling because on one hand it's so exciting to see my son being social
Bonnie Burset: Because it's a big deal for him to learn how to it because he's with his brother, they're kind of fighting, you know,
Bonnie Burset: You know the he just my son is like my oldest son is kind of just he's interested in older boys, I think, like, you know, he hasn't played with a playmate in a long time.
Bonnie Burset: And so, and especially because social issues are always. I mean, apparently he's so pretty. Very, very socially motivated, which is a good thing.
Bonnie Burset: But it's still, you know, probably not as much as other kids. So whenever you see it. We definitely like you know it's hard not to encourage it. When you see him. Laughing And playing and trying to initiate a game is a big deal.
Bonnie Burset: Right, you know, and so part of me was like, Oh, that's great. And the other part of is like cringing because I'm like
Bonnie Burset: Because you see the kids just get this close to each other, you know, like they don't have any sense of space or boundaries or and I said to my husband, you know, we just have really got to be careful. You know, like we just don't know. You know, they have no kids have no way of filtering.
Bonnie Burset: And what they're passing and
Bonnie Burset: You know, we just have to be extra careful. I don't really want him playing with anyone just yet. And it's sad. It's so sad to say that, but
Bonnie Burset: You know, so that situation, definitely did not feel okay but like her coming today and hearing talking to her about how she's been managing and seeing this stuff's washing her hands frequently made me feel better and
Bonnie Burset: You know, you just as you try these newest normal ways of dealing with things. You know, I think it actually helps
Shawn Phalen: I think that was an important step because then it can, you know, you get into the routine of it and it will hopefully reduce your anxiety.
Bonnie Burset: Because I truly believe that as long as those actions are being taken. Yeah, I think that you're you're saying, yeah, yeah. And so it's it's also kind of moving in that direction of okay now let's move to the next stage here.
And basic lockdown isolation for going on almost three months.
Bonnie Burset: Now we have to move forward with life. Right. Optionally, and we do it safely.
Bonnie Burset: Because don't take that next step in your what happens. Yeah, and I'm a little scared about that. I do think that, you know, certainly. I mean, the protests, I get are valid, I get it. Totally. And it's also frightening on a whole other level to see like I like
Bonnie Burset: To know this just the timing of everything. And it's just so it'll be interesting to see what happens with that. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Like right now, the media is very focused on the riots in the looting.
Bonnie Burset: Right, the
Shawn Phalen: Viruses way in the background. Now,
Bonnie Burset: Yes, it will be interesting to see, well,
Shawn Phalen: Okay, how we kind of reached the peak here are. We are. They are we seeing increased cases.
Bonnie Burset: Gonna go i'm gonna i'm curious to see ya in almost every major city. We've had this rioting and looting and no social distancing with here. You know, we've had so um yeah I want to. I'm curious about that, like how yeah
Bonnie Burset: I think that will be very telling. Yeah, definitely about whether you know we need to dial things back or it's okay to keep going and
Bonnie Burset: Just get a gauge of. Yeah, I hear you. I think preparing for the long haul really is helpful, because I think one thing that affected me too, and I was talking to my supervisor on Friday for our regular call she was saying.
Bonnie Burset: You know, like she just really thinks this is going to be with us for a few years. This isn't going to be even with a vaccine, she was saying like the flu vaccines only what 50% effective 60% on a good year.
Bonnie Burset: I mean, the reality is if it behaves like a flu and you know like even a vaccine isn't going to, like, in my mind, it kind of like
Bonnie Burset: It's funny, the things we tell ourselves like you're saying like the can't happen here. You know, like in my mind I was like oh vaccine. Well, we just have to get to the vaccine. And then this is all going to be
Bonnie Burset: We can just throw our masks off and just go back to life and
Bonnie Burset: The reality is like when I'm when and when she says that rationally online. Oh yeah, that makes sense. Like why would I think didn't even have a vaccine for HIV. I'm for God's sake.
Bonnie Burset: So why would I think that like there's guaranteed next year to be some 100% vaccine for this. And, you know, especially given that act. I mean, it is kind of a flu of a kind. You know, like are in that family.
Bonnie Burset: And so it's like, yeah, I mean, and when I think of it that way as kind of like
Bonnie Burset: It's scarier. On one hand, because there's this almost inevitability that I'll get it at some point. And yet, there's all there's another piece that's kind of like wall. There's no you know like I I don't run out to get the flu, but I don't like
Bonnie Burset: You know, change you. And it's somewhere in between. Right. Yeah. Obviously, it's more lethal. It seems like, then the flu, for sure, but it's like, and I would I get my flu shot. So I definitely am not trying to get the flu either but I realized like, there is a
Bonnie Burset: You know, a part of this were like you kind of have to did have kind of helped to think about it. And in terms of the long haul, like
Bonnie Burset: You know, if I don't allow an instructor my home for a month for a year. What will that that doesn't even change anything. So, you know, if we're kind of just preparing for that.
Bonnie Burset: And then, you know, like you were saying with everything. It's about reevaluating risk at every stage like you know by that theory I should run back into therapy office, especially
Bonnie Burset: Those in person hours and yet that's still feels a little, like, I don't know how to do that safely. Right. Um, you know, that's a tough one.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah.
Bonnie Burset: Those rooms are not really designed for that.
Bonnie Burset: Thank you there. Yeah, yeah.
Shawn Phalen: And I'm personally I'm not there yet either. I'm not rushing back to. I'm not saying, yay, you know, we're going to go back to the office, like I'm not, I don't want to catch this, okay.
Bonnie Burset: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: You know, but but yeah I'm not
Bonnie Burset: No, I don't want to go back to my office, either. I don't think I need a little bit more time. Yeah, and more safety. I mean, I think the hard part is to like
Bonnie Burset: You know, it's just hard to know. Like, like I was trying to explain to my young client, although I have heard from my supervisor that someone she knows is taking walks with our clients, you know, but
Bonnie Burset: And that's fine. But it raises. First of all, I'm thinking like within a 10 year old like I'm sorry if you're wearing a mask and I'm wearing a mask and we're six feet apart. I'm not gonna hear what you're saying.
Bonnie Burset: It's gonna be all muffled like it's like it just sounds like playing telephone. Like, I don't, I don't really think that would work out the way we think it would, in theory, but
Bonnie Burset: But on the other hand, it's like, that's part of the problem, too, is I can envision like
Bonnie Burset: As everything's changing. I mean restaurants are changing the way that they're doing things they're changing, you know, distance like you know like
Bonnie Burset: The instructor, because I haven't been to a grocery store in three months. So I don't know what they're like right now and my
Bonnie Burset: The instructor came was explaining to me. Oh no, they only let a certain number of people in in a time you have to wait in a line in the parking lot. They have taped set up for
Bonnie Burset: How, and I'm like, Oh my God, it just was so weird to think about. You said that the cashiers have plexiglass and I was like, what, you know, it's just it was astounding to me how much the world that changed in three months.
Bonnie Burset: And even the grocery store because I haven't been out
Bonnie Burset: And it just made me realize that you know what I think there was kind of a fantasy. I had about all these things being short term just in place, till we get through this.
Bonnie Burset: And it may not look like that. It may be what our kids grow up with, you know, or like it may be, what, you know, just a new way of living, where people are more aware of things that passed between them and
Bonnie Burset: I don't know. It just was a strange thought and it made me realize though that therapy is a tricky one because
Bonnie Burset: It's just the space certain spaces like office spaces can be pretty easily adapted to meet like safety criteria. Right.
Bonnie Burset: It's tough with therapy and even I didn't get into it with my young client. But one thing I said was, well, it's kind of tough to meet outside an office because we have certain confidentiality issues.
Bonnie Burset: You know, which I mean I guess people could sign waivers and they could do the do it. That could be part of informed consent. I guess to do outdoor but it changes the whole dynamic of therapy. There's no denying that you know like
Bonnie Burset: It, it really changes how safe people feel sharing their information.
Bonnie Burset: It changed. You know, it's so hard to think of the therapy office, especially, even with kids like it's hard to think about
Bonnie Burset: How it can be adapted to be more
Bonnie Burset: Especially because it's it's 15 minutes of sitting across from someone talking
Bonnie Burset: So I think it's see you know the sand trays and the tour. Oh, yeah.
Bonnie Burset: That's that becomes a lot more complicated. Yeah, you know, and that might. Fortunately, have to be show. Yeah.
Bonnie Burset: You know, I, I just bought my sandbox to it's at the office.
Bonnie Burset: There's a therapist leaving. I bought all his stuff. And I'm like, oh, I bought maybe at some point I should go get it at least my kids can enjoy it. But yeah, it's like, I'm not going to be wiping. You know how many figurines my kids use. I'm not gonna be wiping down 50 horses for
Shawn Phalen: You know, it's just not very realistic it
Bonnie Burset: Is Yeah, looks like.
Shawn Phalen: You know, CDC guidelines for supposed to sanitize you know every time somebody sits in a chair, somebody
Bonnie Burset: Wow, or you know every time.
Shawn Phalen: You know, or do it every two hours or however it just depends on what kind of business who are, you know, so it doesn't really
Shawn Phalen: It presents a problem, it
Bonnie Burset: Boys Sam tres you know Kranz marker right type projects.
Shawn Phalen: You know, it's just kind of like God. You know, it's
You know, how do you get
Bonnie Burset: You know, how do you get creative. You can, you know, it's like, yeah, people can bring their own things or. Yeah. But even then, yeah, it's
Bonnie Burset: Tricky.
Bonnie Burset: And my biggest issue is even, like, there's that.
Bonnie Burset: But then there's just like the act of being in a small room for 15 minutes like, you know, it's just it's a tough one. Even with masks on that still seems
Bonnie Burset: Tough and
Bonnie Burset: You know, maybe I'm just
Shawn Phalen: You know, and I just, you know, it could be wrong but I kind of have this feeling like, yeah, I just don't think that she put me going back. I don't know that she'll be going back to the office system.
Bonnie Burset: Yeah yeah
Shawn Phalen: I don't know that that can happen again. I, you know, that's just a complete guess on my part.
Bonnie Burset: Yeah, you know, I'm just kinda kind of talking here but
Again, you know, kind of leaning in and just kind of being really open to
Shawn Phalen: What that looks
Like and yeah
Shawn Phalen: You know, if it and if you're not going back until the end of summer. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, what's that look like now.
Shawn Phalen: Papers that can be, I don't know, there's just all these these questions and
Shawn Phalen: But, you know, of course, you know, this is the new norm.
Yeah. About like the new
Shawn Phalen: The new norm and will definitely be here for the end of the year, I think.
Bonnie Burset: Yeah, for sure. For sure.
So,
Shawn Phalen: You know, it's just constantly making those adjustments.
Bonnie Burset: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: If you're able to have that flexibility within yourself.
Shawn Phalen: That attachment to the way you think it should be or the way you you know want it to be.
Bonnie Burset: Yeah. Then, and that's the weird part. Yeah, like I'm not
Bonnie Burset: I'm sorry, go ahead.
Shawn Phalen: You know, like, kind of trying to move through this will be a little bit easier because you're not going to be so attached to one way of doing things that you think is the only way
Shawn Phalen: So it's
Shawn Phalen: You know, it can be tricky. As long as you're
Shawn Phalen: Thankful
Shawn Phalen: Where you're taking
Bonnie Burset: Yeah, for sure.
Bonnie Burset: And I think to like
Bonnie Burset: You know, like, I'm not even sure like you're saying like, where I want to be like there's there's things I really love about working from home that
Bonnie Burset: You know,
Bonnie Burset: I'm not sad to change.
Bonnie Burset: You know, and maybe
Bonnie Burset: You know, I'm just thinking outside the box. But maybe there's ways for me to learn how to maybe it's the structure of Telehealth that
Bonnie Burset: Is your this my sessions that could be different, like maybe if I added a little more structure or
Bonnie Burset: In terms of like
Bonnie Burset: Like we've talked about like a certain like time, you know, certain kind of structure flow to a session.
Bonnie Burset: But maybe even just like I'm thinking
Bonnie Burset: Outside the box like I've been trying to end on you like what we talked about goals for the week or
Bonnie Burset: Things that
Bonnie Burset: You know, just kind of book ending it or because like
Bonnie Burset: Video is so n sessions in person or like this, too, but it's still kind of free flowing like maybe just like helping clients kind of focus their attention.
Bonnie Burset: To certain kind of
Bonnie Burset: Book ended. You know, like, I don't know, like
Bonnie Burset: I don't want to say rituals, but like, I don't know. I'm just thinking like maybe there's ways that I can
Bonnie Burset: Work better
Bonnie Burset: Or learn
Bonnie Burset: To be a better tell a therapist then then
Bonnie Burset: You know, in person.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, and that's a really good way of looking at it because I, I believe, and I believe this House health is the wave of the future.
Bonnie Burset: Yeah, for sure. I just, I feel like this is going to be something that it's not going to go away. Yeah.
Like
And
Shawn Phalen: Like I for me personally, I hope it doesn't go away and I mean I'm also talking cuz I work with adult I don't work with kids. Oh.
Yeah.
Bonnie Burset: And I got
Yeah, it's real.
Shawn Phalen: Challenging
Bonnie Burset: Wow. Yeah. And it's tricky because your
Bonnie Burset: Participation is so different, you know, like we do like whiteboard.
Bonnie Burset: Pictionary that's been pretty successful actually
Bonnie Burset: But like, you know, it's really hard to
Bonnie Burset: I mean, actually, for the most part it's worked
Bonnie Burset: Better than I thought it would. I thought I would lose a lot. I just didn't think it could really work out. Shockingly, like a lot, especially like my age group. Like, I think it's hardest with the younger the youngest ones.
Bonnie Burset: You know the between the age, I want to say, of like my like
Bonnie Burset: Kind of pre teens like
Bonnie Burset: Between the age of, you know, like well preteen yeah like 10 to 12
Bonnie Burset: They're actually, it actually is fine because they're I maybe because they're more verbal
Bonnie Burset: That
Bonnie Burset: You know, um, I mean,
Bonnie Burset: Not that there aren't like
Bonnie Burset: Challenges like I'm saying with that one client.
Bonnie Burset: You know where he's distracted, you know, but um
Bonnie Burset: And the younger client, you know, I think it's just so maybe you know
Bonnie Burset: It looks different. Maybe I think I you know what I think it is too.
Bonnie Burset: I'm just thinking
Bonnie Burset: Thinking Out Loud as we're talking that maybe the structure really needs to change for kids.
Bonnie Burset: And I don't have a lot of flexibility.
Shawn Phalen: With
Bonnie Burset: I feel like my supervisor is
Bonnie Burset: Trying to just get through things
Shawn Phalen: Like
Bonnie Burset: I think her style is definitely an office isn't in she kind of feels like we should be we're doing the best we can but kind of trying to translate everything we do in office to online in terms of like
Shawn Phalen: But it has to be different. Right.
Bonnie Burset: Like it just especially maybe for the adults are more
Bonnie Burset: Since it is more verbal, um, you know, maybe that can translate more
Bonnie Burset: More apples to apples. But I think with kids, you know, maybe their sessions do need to be half an
Bonnie Burset: Hour, maybe, maybe there. There has to be some adjustment for their attention span and like that's different than in person when
Bonnie Burset: You are playing with them and you're able to kind of engage them in a in a different way. I mean, it's just
Bonnie Burset: Really hard to
Bonnie Burset: Play with kids.
Bonnie Burset: Or even like if you're doing process comments like
Bonnie Burset: Are they listening who knows, you know, they're
Bonnie Burset: Still because you're not really there. You're
Bonnie Burset: There but you're not there. It's a different venue, you know,
Shawn Phalen: I wonder if there's any
Shawn Phalen: Have you, have you tried
Shawn Phalen: Like Googling or doing some research on telephone for kids.
And no
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, maybe.
It's try and find something like maybe
Shawn Phalen: There's some information like actually people like giving their own comments about
Bonnie Burset: What yeah
Shawn Phalen: Their experience with it with this whole thing changing
Shawn Phalen: Yeah. And, um, you know, seeing if there's anything interesting that you can
Bonnie Burset: Find them online and then
Shawn Phalen: If there's not a lot like maybe even go on Amazon and there's a book.
Bonnie Burset: Out there, you know, like
Shawn Phalen: Tele health for kids.
Shawn Phalen: Email, just to try and just to get some ideas about like what other people. You know what they're
Shawn Phalen: Experiencing to like what their barriers are and how they're working through it and what works for them. What doesn't work for them because I think that you you hit on something where maybe the structure
Of this sessions needs to be different.
No, I don't know what that was. He
Shawn Phalen: You know,
Shawn Phalen: It might have to be
Shawn Phalen: Like face, you know, everybody's different. Right. So every session like to feel a little bit different, where you start off one way was fun and then
Shawn Phalen: And differently. I don't know. I'm kind of talking about last year.
Shawn Phalen: And I'm curious like because you're not the only person that
Bonnie Burset: You
Shawn Phalen: Are having this conversation, you're not the only
Shawn Phalen: And you know booking most of my work as well. Right. You know, adult so it's
Bonnie Burset: Which eventually I would prefer like it definitely if I have my own practice like
Bonnie Burset: I would love to, like,
Bonnie Burset: Be honing the skills to, like, you know, it would be there be a lot of flexibility and being
Bonnie Burset: Kind of a tele health practitioner, especially if I need to kind of keep my foot in another job financially for at least
Bonnie Burset: I don't know how long. But, you know,
Bonnie Burset: This gives me a lot of flexibility that I can you know I don't have the overhead. I mean, even in the Bay Area.
Shawn Phalen: renting an office.
Bonnie Burset: Is not cheap. Like most people do one day a week anyway and like stagger with someone, or like
Bonnie Burset: Because you can't have your i mean it's it's
Bonnie Burset: Pretty prohibitive, and a lot of ways, like in terms of what you actually
Bonnie Burset: You know, like I it just, it just, it just binds you in a certain way that like, you know, financially, like
Bonnie Burset: You know,
Shawn Phalen: I don't know, it just
Bonnie Burset: I feel like there could be a lot of opportunities and, you know, if I
Bonnie Burset: You know, I think it's interesting because I what made me think of it is when you're talking about acceptance and like
Bonnie Burset: You know, I think it's interesting, my supervisor kind of had a real gut reaction. I think it was really hard for her to go to Tele health because I think she has a
Bonnie Burset: bias toward traditional therapy and
Bonnie Burset: Office sessions and you know that
Bonnie Burset: Kind of
Bonnie Burset: The authenticity and I just agree with that. I think, I think it's a
Bonnie Burset: Different way of working. It doesn't have to be less than way of working. I think
Bonnie Burset: You got to play to the strengths of the medium that you have. And I think there's, you know, I don't know what that is.
Bonnie Burset: But I think there's a way to do it. I think there's a way to, for example, I'm just thinking while we're talking I'm even thinking about couples therapy because I miss doing couples work. That's something I would love to get back into
Bonnie Burset: I really love EFT and that's kind of what I enjoy
Bonnie Burset: Working with most
Bonnie Burset: Men and just because my supervisor is kind of more known with
Bonnie Burset: Kids, she doesn't get tons
Bonnie Burset: Of couples or some individual
Bonnie Burset: Adults, but
Bonnie Burset: Mostly you know she gets a lot more child referrals. But if I were on my own.
Bonnie Burset: Which presumably someday I will be yeah um
Bonnie Burset: You know, um, you know, like, you think about the benefits of
Bonnie Burset: Like couples, let's say not being in the same room like
Bonnie Burset: Maybe there's an advantage to that. You know what I mean, like,
Bonnie Burset: We're not being physically present being in the, you know,
Bonnie Burset: Having
Bonnie Burset: I don't know. I'm thinking out loud, but like
Bonnie Burset: There's gonna be things that can be it's different, not less. And just, there's got to be ways to leverage
Bonnie Burset: The benefits of it.
Bonnie Burset: For example, like my team is a good example.
Bonnie Burset: I think she did okay in the office.
Bonnie Burset: I'm trying to think if we didn't have that many sessions and we
Bonnie Burset: Had
Bonnie Burset: Quite a few.
Bonnie Burset: I don't know, I just feel like she's done really well with the
Bonnie Burset: Phone because she goes in the car.
Bonnie Burset: In outside her house and it's her private space.
Shawn Phalen: And
Bonnie Burset: I don't know, I just feel like something for her.
Um,
Bonnie Burset: Either was the same, or even better, I can't say there was any last ground there, you know, and
Bonnie Burset: With
Bonnie Burset: Different adult clients it was different. I think with the other two. It's been okay but I would prefer to see them in session just because you get more information.
Bonnie Burset: Yeah, because they opted to do by phone.
Bonnie Burset: Video which changes things. You know, you lose your eyes in a certain way or some of your senses.
Bonnie Burset: But if you're doing poorly video
Bonnie Burset: I don't know, like, I'm thinking, you know, maybe I won't ever like maybe I will decide to do
Bonnie Burset: Purely video and try to
Shawn Phalen: Make
Bonnie Burset: A niche in that somehow or, you know, I don't. Not that there isn't one.
Bonnie Burset: Because I mean, most people now have to have, I would think you have to have the ability to work.
Bonnie Burset: But I'm just thinking like there's options.
Bonnie Burset: There, there is, um,
Bonnie Burset: There's something to be mind here.
Bonnie Burset: That's what I'm thinking.
Bonnie Burset: And, you know, maybe for you. It's just honing your skills.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, you know, and cuz I do like I said before I do really believe that it is going to be the wave of the future because you're looking at is your you're able to capture people, number one, that have the means to try to your location.
Bonnie Burset: Right, how these astronomical around that people pay attention. I, you know,
Shawn Phalen: All of that is going to be changing.
Yeah.
You know,
So I think that um
Shawn Phalen: And making it easier to to meet with with clients and
Shawn Phalen: That doesn't necessarily mean that
Bonnie Burset: Hey, right. What do you think about like
Bonnie Burset: I'm curious about what you when you're saying that I'm just thinking of different ideas.
Bonnie Burset: When you're talking about accessing because I had this issue with a
Bonnie Burset: Client today.
Bonnie Burset: Where the mom.
Bonnie Burset: Has asked to
Bonnie Burset: To go every other week.
Bonnie Burset: And you know, we don't do that.
Bonnie Burset: You know, and I get clinically why we
Bonnie Burset: Don't because I do believe that
Bonnie Burset: You know, unless the client is
Bonnie Burset: transitioning out of therapy and it's kind of just a maintenance period it's it isn't necessarily therapeutic to do every other week. And it was for financial reasons not
Shawn Phalen: Not because the client.
Shawn Phalen: You know,
Bonnie Burset: The client can benefit from every other week, but the mom was, you know, having
Bonnie Burset: Kind of money struggles and
Bonnie Burset: She's already at my lowest sliding scale, which is 50
Bonnie Burset: And so
Bonnie Burset: But I was really in a dilemma and it put my super you know I have to work under her
Bonnie Burset: Is I'm working under her license. So it's her
Bonnie Burset: Call on things like that. And, but I don't wanna lose the hour for me the money.
Bonnie Burset: means less than the hour, you know,
Bonnie Burset: Like because I'm, you know, and so, but I can't let that be a determination, either. Either way, the clients best interest is every week, whether it's with me or somebody else so
Bonnie Burset: You know, we, I talked to the mom today. And I just, I don't know. Sometimes it's a hard conversation because we're sliding scale, you don't really know the full
Bonnie Burset: Picture and
Bonnie Burset: You know, um,
Bonnie Burset: Are they just
Bonnie Burset: I don't know. It was kind of a weird feeling because I don't feel like
Shawn Phalen: But
Bonnie Burset: Kind of makes sense. And the way the mom.
Bonnie Burset: Is oriented and how that affects her relationship with her daughter, but like I just felt like there was a very little consciousness about
Bonnie Burset: My side of the relationship
Shawn Phalen: Um,
Bonnie Burset: You know, like, yeah, I appreciate, I understand, trying to get the cheapest therapy possible
Bonnie Burset: You know,
Bonnie Burset: And I understand this city. Anyway, it was just, I was one of those conversations I had
Bonnie Burset: To kind of like
Bonnie Burset: Give myself a Briton.
Bonnie Burset: That not the conversation was fine, but
Bonnie Burset: You know,
Bonnie Burset: It's all about boundaries. Right. I do see why sometimes you can't you relax the frame.
Bonnie Burset: Because then you feel kind of resentful that your time is invaluable like you're
Bonnie Burset: Already doing way under
Bonnie Burset: You know, this is like my, you know, like, Come on, at a certain point I'm getting half of that, you know, like, which
Bonnie Burset: Your brain. Now, like I said, the hour is more important to me, but
Bonnie Burset: Anyway, so, but when you're saying like
Bonnie Burset: I'm thinking about this client and I'm hearing what you're saying. Thinking about clients that don't have the means like
Bonnie Burset: I was just talking
To
Bonnie Burset: Oh my son's case.
Bonnie Burset: Worker for the regional center. She also went to the school. I went to which is JFK, which is very well known in the Bay Area for like millions of therapists came out.
Bonnie Burset: I think I think they cranked out therapists throughout from the 80s, until now, well they close their eyes, she was saying she heard they're closing
Bonnie Burset: I don't know. But when I was there, I was the last person.
Bonnie Burset: Or one of the last people therapist there when they had a community center which is where I did a lot of my training and my intern hours.
Bonnie Burset: And it was very low fee like
Bonnie Burset: 2020 bucks.
Bonnie Burset: 25 bucks a session sliding scale. Some even coins paid 15. I mean, it's like unconscionable now.
Bonnie Burset: Like, it's not even imagine. You can't even at 10 $10, you know, and it was such I remember because she started talking about how
Shawn Phalen: It was so
Bonnie Burset: You know, she can't imagine where all those people when I'm saying, yeah, it was really hard wives, ending with clients at that time had trying to make
Bonnie Burset: Referrals and I couldn't. There was nowhere for them to go.
Bonnie Burset: At the rates, that they were paying
Bonnie Burset: So, I mean, of course, you know, there's a limit to what I would do in
Bonnie Burset: Private practice but
Bonnie Burset: You know, maybe there are
Bonnie Burset: There is room for providing more at, you know, maybe, maybe you do offer for, I don't know if it's possible to offer like 40 minute sessions or something shorter and then people
Bonnie Burset: Who can't
Bonnie Burset: Can
Bonnie Burset: Only afford a certain amount can then
Bonnie Burset: Still leverage therapy. You know, like, but having like
Bonnie Burset: I don't know, maybe there's flexibility there because it's not driving to an office. I don't
Bonnie Burset: Have rent to
Bonnie Burset: I don't know if you can do things that way.
Shawn Phalen: I don't know.
Bonnie Burset: Like cuz I'm curious when you do so I know like
Bonnie Burset: They offered half an hour sessions.
Bonnie Burset: You know and I know with insurance, you know, there's certain so I don't know if that's insurance. So can we as therapists dictate
Bonnie Burset: Half an hour sessions or that's not
Shawn Phalen: You know you can do it.
Shawn Phalen: Typically someone's in private practice. They're not going to do a half an hour, they're going to
Bonnie Burset: Write and 15 minutes right but depending on like appeared with sunshine insurance Panama.
Then you have more flexibility.
Bonnie Burset: There's flexibility like therapists to take insurance. Sure.
Shawn Phalen: I don't know, they might be able to do half hour sessions. I don't know. That's a really good question.
Bonnie Burset: Because that's a way to kind of combat to
Bonnie Burset: Kind of, I would think there's a flexibility there that can be leveraged
Bonnie Burset: You know, because why our sessions.
Bonnie Burset: I mean, I can see why you would have sessions, especially with adults be 15 minutes because it's hard to cover a lot of ground in half an hour.
Bonnie Burset: Half an hour feels tough to me it seems hard to do more than kind of checking in half an hour.
Bonnie Burset: Canfield tough, but I feel like there's
Bonnie Burset: Some room.
Bonnie Burset: I don't know. I'm just thinking like yours. I'm just thinking of
Bonnie Burset: You know, you're saying like
Bonnie Burset: How we're talking about ways to give people access that
Bonnie Burset: May not have access. And I'm thinking, both in terms of money. And if it's
Not
Bonnie Burset: A cost to me.
Bonnie Burset: To have to go somewhere or maintain rent or if I'm just or if I can offer less time
Bonnie Burset: So that my time isn't like my value isn't compromised, like you know in a in a way that I'm uncomfortable with, you know, like
Bonnie Burset: I'm thinking
Bonnie Burset: In theory, there should be
Bonnie Burset: More flexibility to kind of
Bonnie Burset: Have, win, win situations like that. I don't know. I mean, there is a good question. You know, I don't know, that's a really now.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, I mean I know for me, like the day job. I have with the clinic, like there's codes that we use because it's an insurance right
Right.
Shawn Phalen: You know, I know there is a code for 15 minutes
Bonnie Burset: Oh,
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, I don't know what the what they charge for that.
Shawn Phalen: Right, know what what
Shawn Phalen: Is built returns for $15 so I don't know if it's a good question, you know.
Bonnie Burset: And I think it will. This is forcing change. You know, like I
Shawn Phalen: Think
Bonnie Burset: I think in private practice.
Bonnie Burset: There is kind of a tradition around it so
Bonnie Burset: It's been that way because it's been like, I'm guessing that most Tele health came from insurance.
Shawn Phalen: I'm guessing it came
Bonnie Burset: As a result of insurance companies and trying to provide more
Bonnie Burset: You know, efficient care now private practice. I'm guessing is
Bonnie Burset: Going to be slow is is going to be just now.
Bonnie Burset: catching on to, like, you know, so I'm guessing there some like
Bonnie Burset: You know, like we're talking about, like, is it the medium or is it us that has to change. You know, like as therapists like
Bonnie Burset: You know and and
Bonnie Burset: And maybe people do private practice maybe
Bonnie Burset: Their expectations have to change of what therapy looks like or what
Bonnie Burset: You know, like
Bonnie Burset: Your friends that have at home.
Bonnie Burset: As private practice that's like they're
Bonnie Burset: They don't have an office like they don't do in person.
Shawn Phalen: At all. Well,
Both
Shawn Phalen: Yeah.
Yeah.
Bonnie Burset: That makes sense.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, so I think and and what my one friend, and thank you, Abby, she's in California.
Shawn Phalen: So,
Bonnie Burset: I'm because I think you're right. It is the wave of the future.
Bonnie Burset: It's like, maybe it's it's
Bonnie Burset: therapist who have to adapt.
Bonnie Burset: And we weren't you know i mean granted like everything we were trained and taught to
Bonnie Burset: Do was in person like you know there's just a gap between
Bonnie Burset: You mean you look at the BBS their whole criteria was based on this concept that
Shawn Phalen: Like
Bonnie Burset: You know, in person is
Bonnie Burset: The way that people do therapy and it's like that is changing. And, you know,
Bonnie Burset: I, I can't
Shawn Phalen: help but see that these are
Bonnie Burset: Skills that are
Bonnie Burset: Crucial to build on and
Bonnie Burset: Have and it could mean that, like, for example, I mean that
Bonnie Burset: You know, would give me a lot of flexibility to so maybe it's just a question of me, learning how to be a better therapist.
Bonnie Burset: Over this
Shawn Phalen: Medium. Yeah, you know, and it's like, I'm not going to say feel more comfortable doing it because I don't think that that's the issue for you. I think that it's just, you know,
Shawn Phalen: With kids, you know, you're just like, how do you do that, like, how do you, honey. I mean, not that you're not doing it but you know it's
Shawn Phalen: It's
Bonnie Burset: It's tough.
Shawn Phalen: I be curious like try and do some research on that trend.
Shawn Phalen: Will that and see if you can find anything on
Shawn Phalen: You know, tele health with kids like
Bonnie Burset: Doing it you know
Shawn Phalen: He come up with
Shawn Phalen: A chicken. Fine.
Bonnie Burset: Yeah yeah well
Bonnie Burset: And I think part of it is using your senses differently to like there's
Bonnie Burset: Challenges. I definitely have with kids where there's this element of
Bonnie Burset: There is this element of, like, one step.
Bonnie Burset: Removed them being in a therapy.
Bonnie Burset: Office, that's different. That
Bonnie Burset: I think, again, it's just where you're pulling your attention so
Bonnie Burset: It's just a different thing that
Bonnie Burset: You know, and it's different in the therapy office. There's different things that pulling your attention in the therapy office, then
Bonnie Burset: Over video like I'm video. I'm more comfortable because I'm wearing my comfortable pants or whatever I'm wearing, like, you know, I don't know. I'm making things up, but I'm in my home, or I'm feeling so
Bonnie Burset: I'm not worried about, like, you know, being on time or what I'm wearing. Or like
Bonnie Burset: You know, like just
Shawn Phalen: Little things
Bonnie Burset: But again, I may have to work sometimes more to focus because
Bonnie Burset: You know, maybe I'm getting distracted. So I got to bring it back. So it's just kind of getting used to it, though, too, I think, is part of it is like just
Bonnie Burset: honing your skills in a different way.
Bonnie Burset: I agree. Yeah, yeah.
Bonnie Burset: Okay, yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Same time next week. Yeah.
Bonnie Burset: Sounds great.
Shawn Phalen: Okay so we are like I'm feel obviously working from problem.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, and they have said that they're going to
Shawn Phalen: Hang up my memory system if
Shawn Phalen: They don't know what we're going to go back. We're, we're supposed to go back to the office in phases and
Bonnie Burset: I think I've said this before.
Shawn Phalen: So I'll just keep scheduling you at the yeah I hear something different.
Bonnie Burset: That's fine, and likely. I don't know if
Bonnie Burset: I'm I have a strong sense of my going back till later in the summer. If not, so
Bonnie Burset: My schedule is pretty
Flexible
Bonnie Burset: Throughout the week.
Bonnie Burset: Yeah.
Bonnie Burset: All right.
Bonnie Burset: Thank you so much. Good seeing you, too. Take care.
Bye.
Shawn Phalen: Hey,
Isaak: Hold on one sec.
Isaak: Okay.
Hold on.
Shawn Phalen: Sorry. Okay. Okay.
Isaak: Hi ago and haven't been you up. Yeah, no, I've been. I've been doing better than last time, I think that I just kind of went to tailspin because I was
Isaak: Trying to taper too early and with the lock down and shake going on. I think, you know, it's just like a combination of things. But, um, but, yeah, for the most part I'm doing all right.
Isaak: I've had a toothache lately, though, so like I had to make a dentist appointment. Now it's like kind of, I don't know dragnet can just the way you know things are right now and
Isaak: I don't know. So I got that on Wednesday. So, I mean, I'm, I'm looking forward to it, though, of course, because like my tooth ache is so bad, like I've been taken like aspirin Tylenol, you know, like the smell. Two ways and like a, like where it is.
Isaak: But
Isaak: But anyways, it just sucks because it usually comes at night, too. So like
Isaak: Nothing worse than that.
Isaak: Which
Shawn Phalen: Is it like a vacuum.
Isaak: Um, it's kind of like, I don't know, like on the side a little bit. Yeah.
Isaak: Okay, um, other than that, I mean a good things. I guess I actually am getting get that unemployment that $600 bonus or whatever. I didn't think I was going to get it.
Isaak: But I'm going to and like I'm stoked on that, even though I want to work. I'm just stoked on that because like I only have like maybe 1000 like around almost $2,000 right now and I'm trying to save up for car so like when I get that I'll definitely be able to get a nice car.
Shawn Phalen: That We Are you on unemployment right now.
Isaak: On will no no I had it. It ran out like earlier like I think I've we were talking about it, but that that I might qualify for the extension with the pandemic and stuff.
Isaak: Yeah, so I got the stimulus check. I had a little money saved and now I might get that. And then I won't have to like get like a piece of shit car. You know what I mean.
Isaak: So it should be cool. Have you
Shawn Phalen: Filled out the paperwork to try and see if you get the attention. Have you done
Isaak: Well, I did online like online, they said they were going to let me know so
Isaak: Yeah, so hopefully, if not, though. I mean, no big deal. But, um,
Isaak: I guess, other than me, though, like personally i mean i don't know this world's crazy right now with the protests and shit like Jesus.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, it's crazy. Have you had protesting where you are.
Isaak: Um, yeah, I'm too close for comfort kind of because like I'm in the Bay Area, like, you know, San Francisco area. And so like
Isaak: Yeah, like literally like two or three towns away there's a Walnut Creek. It's called. I don't know if you heard about it on news. Yeah, like they've been it really yeah it's crazy.
Shawn Phalen: How far are you from, I'm not crazy.
Isaak: I'm probably about 25 minutes like Yeah, so I mean not super close but yeah
Isaak: Yeah, it's a little crazy, isn't it all what's going on. Oh my gosh, yeah. Not like it's sad. What happened to that guy like George Floyd or whatever but
Isaak: It's like, now it just seems like these peaceful protests are just like turning into looting and stuff. You know what I mean, it's like it's a double edged sword away so
Isaak: Yeah yeah
Shawn Phalen: How are you coping with all of this, like with the day homework.
Um,
Isaak: Yeah, I mean. Well, thankfully, we've we've kind of like loosened out on like restrictions around here. So I've got to see like more family like cousins stuff. And I think that's been helpful. I think that's like that might be why I'm like feeling a lot better to like this month.
Isaak: Like we had like a few barbecues and stuff and
Isaak: But yeah, I mean honestly though. I mean, I don't know, it is kind of stressful just all the stuff going on.
Isaak: I'm just glad that I went back up on my medicine. Oh, for sure.
Isaak: For that hope. Okay. Yeah. All right. Good. I'm really glad. Yeah, and
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, I mean, it's really hard with that stay home order you're isolated Jim can do this stuff, you know, really would do really good
Yeah.
A lot of anxiety for people
Isaak: You know yeah I know it. It was hard, like, but I talked to my grandmother. Oh, and she said, like I could start having friends over again. So that's kind of cool. I haven't really made any plans yet though but like
Isaak: I've got someone I plan on kicking it with pretty soon, like, and he's like, not like getting the drugs or anything. So that's good.
Okay.
We don't keep working now do
Isaak: Oh yeah, no, I just got done a little while ago, like a kind of sweaty like after this. I'm probably gonna shower. Yeah, I tried to work out, like, I don't know, I've been working out a lot more probably like four hours or more sometimes just because, like, there's not much do though.
Isaak: Yeah.
Isaak: We're doing a lot of that.
Shawn Phalen: Good health or mental and emotional home.
Yeah.
I'm here, dog.
Isaak: She's good. She's right here. Actually she's looking me
Isaak: Here I could show you, or hold on. I don't know if you can hear.
You
Isaak: Yeah, yeah. The one on the right. He's older he's he's an old man.
Isaak: Okay. Oh, yeah.
A lot
Isaak: Yeah, pretty much say they sleep with me every night they follow me around. She can't stand it when I
Isaak: Go on the treadmill, though, because it's in the garage and I don't like her to go out there with me because like I like to open it up because I mean it's too hot out there to help the garage close so it's like so. Yeah, sure, go crazy.
Shawn Phalen: Good, how are you good going that
Isaak: House what
Isaak: Are your group has a verb to being good, and we've kind of like, well, like, I don't know if you do we have, like, a bunch of new people and stuff. But, I mean, it's good.
Isaak: Things are better things are going well. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Anything else that you wanna over
Isaak: I'm trying to think, like, I don't know, I feel like there was more, I want to say I'm also a I was talking, whenever I was in my group fail so said I'm
Isaak: He said something like, I don't know, like about my prescriptions or whatever he said that, like they're going to short mine. Apparently if I didn't do like the therapist stuff. And I told them that I see you. So I'm not sure. Like what's going on with that or whatever.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Well, they're requiring people to meet with therapists now.
And
Shawn Phalen: They're saying, twice a month, but I don't feel like you need twice a month.
Because, yeah.
I mean, you've been
Shawn Phalen: I think I've been working with you for almost a year like
Isaak: Yeah, we'll be here.
Shawn Phalen: And so, you know, you can have relapses your group to take medication and I just don't see
Isaak: Yeah.
Isaak: The necessity of meeting twice a month and who told you that to you get an email or something. Um, no, actually, uh, the doc like
Isaak: Dr fig. He's like, one that prescribed my stuff he mentioned it, but I told him I see you and stuff. I told him the situation. So I'm not sure. Like, I haven't had like a short and prescription or anything so like I think everything's like fine. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So just make sure that it is short and prescription
That we didn't work. You got it.
Isaak: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: I
Isaak: Might not
Isaak: Need to be twice a month.
Isaak: Yeah, sorry my dogs are play fighting. I'm trying to let them help
Isaak: Sorry about that.
Shawn Phalen: We've been averaging like once a month.
Yeah.
I mean, I'll make a note.
Isaak: Yeah I so far. I mean, they haven't shorten it. So, like, I'll just, you know, I'll talk to them about it for sure though if they they do.
Okay.
Do
You want to make an appointment for
Isaak: Again, I forget. I'm Thursday.
We can do ben de July.
Isaak: Here. Hold on, I'm gonna get a piece of paper and stuff.
Isaak: Alright. Sorry about that.
Isaak: Alright.
Isaak: So Wednesday.
Isaak: July 3 oh first. Okay. And when they
Isaak: All right, same time
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, six o'clock.
Isaak: Alright, sounds good.
Isaak: Okay.
Isaak: All right, well, have a good day.
Shawn Phalen: Talk to you soon.